hey everyone Tate here with warframe 101
pro tips warframe 101 is a tutorial
series I've started and pro tips as a
miniseries within that series i'll be
doing where in each episode i'll give
you a five quick and simple tips to
hopefully make your game experience a
little better tip number one wall
launching wall running is super awesome
and fun but there's a trick you can do
with wall running that will send you
flying at high speeds if you start a
wall run and then let go of your space
bar right as you start you'll dart right
off the wall this is a great technique
for getting to faraway places or just
getting to your destination faster as
seen here tip number two armor
penetration versus the corpus I'm sure
by now you're familiar with the robot
enemy in warframe the corpus well you
notice how these humanoid enemies have
boxes on their heads well here's a quick
hint a little armor penetration I'll
take you a long way with these guys
watch what happens when I shoot him
square in the head with a sniper tron
one of the hardest hitting guns in the
game two shots and nothing now let's
take a week of gun like the Breton and
throw on an armor penetration mod
check that out one hit in the head and
the armor penetration tears right
through that stupid little box of theirs
the corpus take a ton of damage when hit
in unprotected areas so this is a great
tactic to use not only to kill them
quickly but to save a little ammo as
well tip number three passive armor
penetration so we went over how much
armor penetration can devastate the
enemy but did you know specific weapons
are built with 100-percent passive armor
penetration that means without mods
these guns will still tear through heavy
armor with ease these weapons include
but are not limited to the bolt weapons
such as the bolt or rifle and the Balto
pistols as well as every dagger weapon
in the game hell even this heavy
swinging frag ors get a little armor
penetration action built into that sweet
steel tip number for pointing out mods
if you're running with a group of people
it's always important to be a team
player this even means informing your
party of the mod drops sometimes in the
heat of action it's a little too
difficult to open your chat and type out
where and when a mod has drop so here's
a great alternative when you've seen a
mod drop simply point your crosshairs
over the mod and press the G key this
will create a waypoint that appears for
everyone in your team to show where the
mod is located so that they can all come
and retrieve it tip number five field of
view have you ever been fighting against
a grineer seeker and had them roll one
of those stupid exploding balls at you
however unknown to you they latched onto
your feet or some other place you can't
see very well due to the camera
placement well fear not go into your
video options and check the fov slider
the higher it is the further back your
camera will be and it even works in
Reverse if you want the camera to be in
a more cinematic position right over
your shoulder
that's it for this episode of warframe
101 be sure to subscribe if you're
interested in my future videos now go
forth 10 0 parkour and pew pew your way
to victory
pew pew when was the last time that was
said